2015-11-03 meeting repport
==========================

agenda
------

* present opnfv-moon-core release2 progess: main features are almost finished, moon-core release 2 finished by 27 Nov 2015

* present opnfv-webview: finished by 4 Dec

* present moon-release2 code review: finished by 4 Dec

* present the feedback from OPNFV summit:

    + several presentations during the Security Design, Security Pannel from Nokia, Huawei and Ericsson

    + new contributors (Ericsson, Radware)

    + moon integration in OPNFV release C: propose to show the prototype in TSC

* synchronize moon/OPNFV with ETSI/NFV security group

    + propose a POD to ETSI/NFV security group

    + to discuss in the next week's ESTI/NFV meeting

* main features for moon release 3

    + K2K is a big topic: assigned to thomas

    + inter-tenant requires a lot of work

    + separation of meta-data and meta-rule: assigned to ruan

* next meeting: 16 Dec

    + Ashutosh will present the feedback about our POC in ETSI/NFV security group


attendees
---------

* Ruan HE

* Thomas Duval

* Maxime Compastie

* Jamil Chawki

* Ashutosh Dutta

* Alioune BA

